AbbVie Inc. discovers, develops, manufactures, and sells pharmaceuticals in the
worldwide. The company offers HUMIRA, a therapy administered as an injection
for autoimmune and intestinal Behcet's diseases; SKYRIZI to treat moderate to
severe plaque psoriasis in adults; RINVOQ, a JAK inhibitor for the treatment of
moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis in adult patients; IMBRUVICA to
treat adult patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), small lymphocytic
lymphoma (SLL), and VENCLEXTA, a BCL-2 inhibitor used to treat adults with CLL
or SLL; and MAVYRET to treat patients with chronic HCV genotype 1-6 infection.
It also provides CREON, a pancreatic enzyme therapy for exocrine pancreatic
insufficiency; Synthroid used in the treatment of hypothyroidism;
Linzess/Constella to treat irritable bowel syndrome with constipation and
chronic idiopathic constipation; Lupron for the palliative treatment of
advanced prostate cancer, endometriosis and central precocious puberty, and
patients with anemia caused by uterine fibroids; and Botox therapeutic. In
addition, the company offers ORILISSA, a nonpeptide small molecule
gonadotropin-releasing hormone antagonist for women with moderate to severe
endometriosis pain; Duopa and Duodopa, a levodopa-carbidopa intestinal gel to
treat Parkinson's disease; Lumigan/Ganfort, a bimatoprost ophthalmic solution
for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open
angle glaucoma (OAG) or ocular hypertension; Ubrelvy to treat migraine with or
without aura in adults; Alphagan/ Combigan, an alpha-adrenergic receptor
agonist for the reduction of IOP in patients with OAG; and Restasis, a
calcineurin inhibitor immunosuppressant to increase tear production, as well as
other eye care products. AbbVie Inc. has a research collaboration with
Dragonfly Therapeutics, Inc. The company was incorporated in 2012 and is
headquartered in North Chicago, Illinois.
