AmerisourceBergen Corporation sources and distributes pharmaceutical products
in the United States and internationally. Its Pharmaceutical Distribution
segment distributes brand-name and generic pharmaceuticals, over-the-counter
healthcare products, home healthcare supplies and equipment, and related
services to various healthcare providers, including acute care hospitals and
health systems, independent and chain retail pharmacies, mail order pharmacies,
medical clinics, long-term care and alternate site pharmacies, and other
customers. It also provides pharmacy management, staffing, and other consulting
services; supply management software to retail and institutional healthcare
providers; and packaging solutions to various institutional and retail
healthcare providers. In addition, this segment distributes plasma and other
blood products, injectable pharmaceuticals, vaccines, and other specialty
products; provides other services primarily to physicians who specialize in
various disease states, primarily oncology, as well as to other healthcare
providers, including hospitals and dialysis clinics; and offers data analytics,
outcomes research, and additional services for biotechnology and pharmaceutical
manufacturers. The company's Other segment provides integrated manufacturer
services, such as clinical trial support, product post-approval, and
commercialization support; specialty transportation and logistics services for
the biopharmaceutical industry; and sells pharmaceuticals, vaccines,
parasiticides, diagnostics, micro feed ingredients, and various other products
to customers in the companion animal and production animal markets, as well as
demand-creating sales force services to manufacturers. AmerisourceBergen
Corporation was incorporated in 2001 and is headquartered in Conshohocken,
Pennsylvania.
