Archer-Daniels-Midland Company procures, transports, stores, processes, and
merchandises agricultural commodities, products, and ingredients in the United
States, Switzerland, Cayman Islands, Brazil, Mexico, the United Kingdom, and
internationally. The company operates through three segments: Ag Services and
Oilseeds, Carbohydrate Solutions, and Nutrition. It procures, stores, cleans,
and transports agricultural raw materials, such as oilseeds, corn, wheat, milo,
oats, and barley. The company also engages in the agricultural commodity and
feed product import, export, and distribution; and structured trade finance
activities. In addition, it offers vegetable oils and protein meals;
ingredients for the food, feed, energy, and industrial customers; crude
vegetable oils, salad oils, margarine, shortening, and other food products; and
partially refined oils to produce biodiesel and glycols for use in chemicals,
paints, and other industrial products. Further, the company provides peanuts,
peanut-derived ingredients, and cotton cellulose pulp; sweeteners, corn and
wheat starches, syrup, glucose, wheat flour, and dextrose; alcohol and other
food and animal feed ingredients; ethyl alcohol and ethanol; corn gluten feed
and meal; distillers' grains; and citric acids. Additionally, the company
provides natural flavors, flavor systems, natural colors, proteins,
emulsifiers, soluble fiber, polyols, hydrocolloids, and natural health and
nutrition products, including probiotics, prebiotics, enzymes, and botanical
extracts; and other specialty food and feed ingredients; edible beans; formula
feeds, and animal health and nutrition products; and contract and private label
pet treats and foods. It also offers futures commission merchant; commodity
brokerage services; cash margins and securities pledged to commodity exchange
clearinghouses; and cash pledged as security under certain insurance
arrangements. The company was founded in 1902 and is headquartered in Chicago,
Illinois.
