American International Group, Inc. offers insurance products for commercial,
institutional, and individual customers in North America and internationally.
The company's General Insurance segment provides general liability,
environmental, commercial automobile liability, workers' compensation,
casualty, and crisis management insurance products; commercial, industrial, and
energy-related property insurance; and aerospace, political risk, trade credit,
portfolio solutions, crop, and marine insurance. It also provides professional
liability insurance products for a range of businesses and risks, including
directors and officers, mergers and acquisitions, fidelity, employment
practices, fiduciary liability, cyber risk, kidnap and ransom, and errors and
omissions insurance. In addition, this segment offers personal auto and
property insurance, such as auto, homeowners, umbrella, yacht, fine art, and
collections; voluntary and sponsor-paid personal accident; supplemental health
products; extended warranty insurance products; and travel insurance products.
Its Life and Retirement segment offers variable annuities, index and fixed
annuities, and retail mutual funds; and financial planning and advisory
services; record-keeping, plan administrative, and compliance services; and
term life and universal life insurance. It also provides stable value wrap
products, and structured settlement and pension risk transfer annuities; and
corporate- and bank-owned life insurance and guaranteed investment contracts.
This segment sells its products through independent marketing organizations,
independent insurance agents, financial advisors, direct marketing, banks, and
broker-dealers. The company was founded in 1919 and is headquartered in New
York, New York.
