AMETEK, Inc. manufactures and sells electronic instruments and
electromechanical devices worldwide. It operates in two segments, Electronic
Instruments (EIG) and Electromechanical (EMG). The company's EIG segment offers
advanced instruments for the process, aerospace, power, and industrial markets;
process and analytical instruments for the oil and gas, petrochemical,
pharmaceutical, semiconductor, automation, and food and beverage industries;
and instruments to the laboratory equipment, ultra-precision manufacturing,
medical, and test and measurement markets. This segment also provides power
quality monitoring and metering devices, uninterruptible power supplies,
programmable power equipment, electromagnetic compatibility test equipment, gas
turbines, and environmental health and safety market sensors, dashboard
instruments for heavy trucks and other vehicles, and instrumentation and
controls for the food and beverage industries; and aircraft and engine sensors,
monitoring systems, power supplies, fuel and fluid measurement systems, and
data acquisition systems for the aerospace industry. Its EMG segment offers
engineered electrical connectors and electronics packaging to protect sensitive
devices and mission-critical electronics; precision motion control products for
data storage, medical devices, business equipment, automation, and other
applications; high-purity powdered metals, strips and foils, specialty clad
metals, and metal matrix composites; motor-blower systems and heat exchangers
for use in thermal management, military, commercial aircraft, and military
ground vehicles; and motors for use in commercial appliances, fitness
equipment, food and beverage machines, hydraulic pumps, and industrial blowers.
This segment also operates a network of aviation maintenance, repair, and
overhaul facilities. In addition, the company offers clinical and educational
communication solutions. AMETEK, Inc. was founded in 1930 and is headquartered
in Berwyn, Pennsylvania.
