A. O. Smith Corporation manufactures and markets residential and commercial
gas, heat pump and electric water heaters, boilers, tanks, and water treatment
products in North America, China, Europe, and India. It operates through two
segments, North America and Rest of World. The company offers water heaters for
residences, restaurants, hotels and motels, office buildings, laundries, car
washes, and small businesses; commercial boilers for hospitals, schools,
hotels, and other large commercial buildings, as well as residential boilers
for homes, apartments, and condominiums; and water treatment products
comprising point-of-entry water softeners, well water solutions, and whole-home
water filtration products, on-the-go filtration bottles, point-of-use carbon,
and reverse osmosis products for residences, restaurants, hotels, and offices.
It also provides food and beverage filtration products; expansion tanks,
commercial solar water heating systems, swimming pool and spa heaters, and
related products and parts; and heat pumps, electric wall-hung, gas tankless,
combi-boiler, heat pump and solar water heaters. The company offers its
products primarily under the A. O. Smith, State, Lochinvar, and water softener
brands. It distributes its products through independent wholesale plumbing
distributors, as well as through retail channels consisting of hardware and
home center chains, and manufacturer representative firms; and offers Aquasana
branded products directly to consumers through e-commerce, as well as other
online retailers. A. O. Smith Corporation was founded in 1874 and is
headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
