Broadcom Inc. designs, develops, and supplies various semiconductor devices
with a focus on complex digital and mixed signal complementary metal oxide
semiconductor based devices and analog III-V based products worldwide. The
company operates in two segments, Semiconductor Solutions and Infrastructure
Software. It provides set-top box system-on-chips (SoCs); cable, digital
subscriber line, and passive optical networking central office/consumer premise
equipment SoCs; wireless local area network access point SoCs; Ethernet
switching and routing merchant silicon products; embedded processors and
controllers; serializer/deserializer application specific integrated circuits;
optical and copper, and physical layers; and fiber optic transmitter and
receiver components. The company also offers RF front end modules, filters, and
power amplifiers; Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and global positioning system/global
navigation satellite system SoCs; custom touch controllers; serial attached
small computer system interface, and redundant array of independent disks
controllers and adapters; peripheral component interconnect express switches;
fiber channel host bus adapters; read channel based SoCs; custom flash
controllers; preamplifiers; and optocouplers, industrial fiber optics, and
motion control encoders and subsystems. Its products are used in various
applications, including enterprise and data center networking, home
connectivity, set-top boxes, broadband access, telecommunication equipment,
smartphones and base stations, data center servers and storage systems, factory
automation, power generation and alternative energy systems, and electronic
displays. Broadcom Inc. was incorporated in 2018 and is headquartered in San
Jose, California.
