BlackBerry Limited provides intelligent security software and services to
enterprises and governments worldwide. The company operates through three
segments: Cybersecurity, IoT, and Licensing and Other. The company offers
BlackBerry Cyber Suite, which provides Cylance AI and machine learning-based
cybersecurity solutions, including BlackBerry Protect, an EPP and available MTD
solution; BlackBerry Optics, an EDR solution that provides visibility into and
prevention of malicious activity; BlackBerry Guard, a managed detection and
response solution; BlackBerry Gateway, an AI-empowered ZTNA solution; and
BlackBerry Persona, a UEBA solution that provides authentication by validating
user identity in real time. It also provides BlackBerry Spark Unified Endpoint
Management Suite, such as BlackBerry UEM, a central software component of its
secure communications platform; BlackBerry Dynamics that provides a development
platform and secure container for mobile applications; BlackBerry AtHoc and
BlackBerry Alert secure and networked critical event management solutions; and
SecuSUITE for Government, a multi-OS voice and text messaging solution, as well
as BBM Enterprise, an enterprise-grade secure instant messaging solution. In
addition, the company offers BlackBerry QNX, which provides Neutrino operating
system and BlackBerry QNX CAR platform, and other products; BlackBerry QNX, an
embedded system solution; BlackBerry Jarvis, a cloud-based binary static
application security testing platform; BlackBerry Certicom cryptography and
management products, and BlackBerry Radar asset monitoring solution; and
BlackBerry IVY, an intelligent vehicle data platform, as well as enterprise and
cybersecurity consulting services. Further, it is involved in the patent
licensing and legacy service access fees business. As of February 28, 2022, it
owned approximately 38,000 worldwide patents and applications. BlackBerry
Limited was incorporated in 1984 and is headquartered in Waterloo, Canada.
