Baker Hughes Company provides a portfolio of technologies and services to
energy and industrial value chain worldwide. It operates through four segments:
Oilfield Services (OFS), Oilfield Equipment (OFE), Turbomachinery & Process
Solutions (TPS), and Digital Solutions (DS). The OFS segment offers
exploration, drilling, wireline, evaluation, completion, production, and
intervention services; and drilling and completions fluids, wireline services,
downhole completion tools and systems, wellbore intervention tools and
services, pressure pumping systems, oilfield and industrial chemicals, and
artificial lift technologies for oil and natural gas, and oilfield service
companies. The OFE segment provides subsea and surface wellheads, pressure
control and production systems and services, flexible pipe systems for offshore
and onshore applications, and life-of-field solutions, including well
intervention and decommissioning solutions; and services related to onshore and
offshore drilling and production operations. The TPS segment provides equipment
and related services for mechanical-drive, compression, and power-generation
applications across the oil and gas industry. Its product portfolio includes
drivers, compressors, and turnkey solutions; and pumps, valves, and compressed
natural gas and small-scale liquefied natural gas solutions. This segment
serves upstream, midstream, downstream, onshore, offshore, and industrial
customers. The DS segment provides sensor-based process measurements, machine
health and condition monitoring, asset strategy and management, control
systems, as well as non-destructive testing and inspection, and pipeline
integrity solutions. The company was formerly known as Baker Hughes, a GE
company and changed its name to Baker Hughes Company in October 2019. Baker
Hughes Company is based in Houston, Texas.
