Berkshire Hathaway Inc., through its subsidiaries, engages in the insurance,
freight rail transportation, and utility businesses worldwide. It provides
property, casualty, life, accident, and health insurance and reinsurance; and
operates railroad systems in North America. The company also generates,
transmits, stores, and distributes electricity from natural gas, coal, wind,
solar, hydroelectric, nuclear, and geothermal sources; operates natural gas
distribution and storage facilities, interstate pipelines, liquefied natural
gas facilities, and compressor and meter stations; and holds interest in coal
mining assets. In addition, the company manufactures boxed chocolates and other
confectionery products; specialty chemicals, metal cutting tools, and
components for aerospace and power generation applications; flooring products;
insulation, roofing, and engineered products; building and engineered
components; paints and coatings; and bricks and masonry products, as well as
offers manufactured and site-built home construction, and related lending and
financial services. Further, it provides recreational vehicles, apparel
products, jewelry, and custom picture framing products, as well as alkaline
batteries; castings, forgings, fasteners/fastener systems, and aerostructures;
and seamless pipes, fittings, downhole casing and tubing, and mill forms.
Additionally, the company distributes televisions and information; franchises
and services quick service restaurants; distributes electronic components; and
offers logistics services, grocery and foodservice distribution services, and
professional aviation training and shared aircraft ownership programs. It also
retails automobiles; furniture, bedding, and accessories; household appliances,
electronics, and computers; jewelry, watches, crystal, china, stemware,
flatware, gifts, and collectibles; kitchenware; and motorcycle apparel and
equipment. The company was incorporated in 1998 and is headquartered in Omaha,
Nebraska.
