Braze, Inc. operates a customer engagement platform that provides interactions
between consumers and brands worldwide. It offers data ingestion products, such
as Braze software development kits that automatically manage data ingestion and
the delivery of mobile and web notifications, in-application/in-browser
interstitial messages, and content cards, as well as can be integrated into a
range of digital interfaces and application development frameworks; REST API
that can be used to import or export data or to trigger workflows between Braze
and brands' existing technology stacks; and partner cohort syncing, which allow
brands to sync user cohorts from partners. The company also offers
classification products, including segmentation that can define reusable
segments of consumers based upon attributes, events, or predictive propensity
scores; segment insights, which allows customers to analyze how segments are
performing relative to each other across a set of pre-selected key performance
indicators, and helps to understand the factors that determine which consumers
belong to a particular segment; and predictive suite that allows customers to
identify groups of consumers that are of critical business value. In addition,
it provides personalization and action products; and orchestration products,
which include Canvas, an orchestration tool that allows customers to create
journeys, mapping out multi-steps, and cross-channel messaging experiences,
which include onboarding flows, nurture campaigns, win-back strategies, and
others; campaigns, which allow customers to send one set of single-channel or
multi-channel messages to be delivered to customers in a particular user
segment; event and API triggering; frequency capping and rate limiting;
intelligent selection; and reporting and analytics. The company was formerly
known as Appboy, Inc. and changed its name to Braze, Inc. in November 2017.
Braze, Inc. was incorporated in 2011 and is headquartered in New York, New
York.
