Caterpillar Inc. manufactures and sells construction and mining equipment,
diesel and natural gas engines, and industrial gas turbines. Its Construction
Industries segment offers asphalt pavers, compactors, cold planers, feller
bunchers, harvesters, motorgraders, pipelayers, road reclaimers, skidders,
telehandlers, and utility vehicles; backhoe, knuckleboom, compact track, multi-
terrain, skid steer, and track-type loaders; forestry and wheel excavators; and
site prep and track-type tractors. The company's Resource Industries segment
provides electric rope and hydraulic shovels, draglines, rotary drills, hard
rock vehicles, track-type tractors, mining trucks, longwall miners, wheel
loaders, off-highway and articulated trucks, wheel tractor scrapers, wheel
dozers, landfill and soil compactors, machinery components, electronics and
control systems, select work tools, and hard rock continuous mining systems.
Its Energy & Transportation segment offers reciprocating engine powered
generator sets; reciprocating engines and integrated systems for the power
generation, marine, oil, and gas industries; turbines, centrifugal gas
compressors, and related services; remanufactured reciprocating engines and
components; and diesel-electric locomotives and components, and other rail-
related products. The company's Financial Products segment provides operating
and finance leases, installment sale contracts, working capital loans, and
wholesale financing; and insurance and risk management products. Its All Other
operating segment manufactures filters and fluids, undercarriage, ground
engaging tools, fluid transfer products, precision seals, and rubber sealing
and connecting components; parts distribution; integrated logistics solutions
and distribution services; and digital investments services. The company was
formerly known as Caterpillar Tractor Co. and changed its name to Caterpillar
Inc. in 1986. The company was founded in 1925 and is headquartered in
Deerfield, Illinois.
