Chubb Ltd. operates as a holding company, which engages in the provision of
commercial and personal property and casualty insurance, personal accident and
accident and health (A&H), reinsurance, and life insurance. It operates through
the following segments: North America Commercial Property and Casualty (P&C)
Insurance, North America Personal P&C Insurance, North America Agricultural
Insurance, Overseas General Insurance, Global Reinsurance, and Life Insurance.
The North America Commercial P&C Insurance segment that includes the business
written by Chubb divisions that provide P&C insurance and services to large,
middle market and small commercial businesses in the U.S., Canada, and Bermuda.
The North America Personal P&C Insurance segment offers affluent and high net
worth individuals and families with homeowners, high value automobile and
collector cars, valuable articles, personal and excess liability, travel
insurance, and recreational marine insurance and services. The North America
Agricultural Insurance segment is involved in comprehensive multiple peril crop
insurance (MPCI) and crop-hail insurance, and Chubb agribusiness. The Overseas
General Insurance segment caters both commercial and consumer P&C insurance and
services in countries and territories outside of North America where the
company operates. The The Global Reinsurance segment covers reinsurance
business. The Life Insurance segment focuses on its international life
operations. The company was founded in 1882 and is headquartered in Zurich,
Switzerland.
