C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides freight
transportation services and logistics solutions to companies in various
industries worldwide. The company operates in two segments, North American
Surface Transportation and Global Forwarding. It offers transportation and
logistics services, such as truckload; less than truckload transportation
brokerage services, which include the shipment of single or multiple pallets of
freight; intermodal transportation that comprise the shipment service of
freight in containers or trailers by a combination of truck and rail; and non-
vessel ocean common carrier and freight forwarding services, as well as
organizes air shipments and provides door-to-door services. The company also
offers customs broker services; and other logistics services, such as fee-based
managed, warehousing, small parcel, and other services. It has contractual
relationships with approximately 85,000 transportation companies, including
motor carriers, railroads, and air and ocean carriers. In addition, the company
is involved in buying, selling, and/or marketing of fresh produce, including
fresh fruits, vegetables, and other value-added perishable items under the
Robinson Fresh name. Further, it provides transportation management services or
managed TMS; and other surface transportation services. The company offers its
fresh produce to grocery retailers, restaurants, produce wholesalers, and
foodservice distributors through a network of independent produce growers and
suppliers. C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. was founded in 1905 and is
headquartered in Eden Prairie, Minnesota.
