Centene Corporation operates as a multi-national healthcare enterprise that
provides programs and services to under-insured and uninsured individuals in
the United States. Its Managed Care segment offers health plan coverage to
individuals through government subsidized programs, including Medicaid, the
State children's health insurance program, long-term services and support,
foster care, and medicare-medicaid plans, which cover dually eligible
individuals, as well as aged, blind, or disabled programs. Its health plans
include primary and specialty physician care, inpatient and outpatient hospital
care, emergency and urgent care, prenatal care, laboratory and X-ray, home-
based primary care, transportation assistance, vision care, dental care,
telehealth, immunization, specialty pharmacy, therapy, social work, nurse
advisory, and care coordination services, as well as prescriptions and limited
over-the-counter drugs, medical equipment, and behavioral health and abuse
services. This segment also offers various individual, small group, and large
group commercial healthcare products to employers and directly to members. The
company's Specialty Services segment provides pharmacy benefits management
services; nurse advice line and after-hours support services; vision and dental
services, as well as staffing services to correctional systems and other
government agencies; and services to Military Health System eligible
beneficiaries. This segment offers its services and products to state programs,
correctional facilities, healthcare organizations, employer groups, and other
commercial organizations. The company provides its services through primary and
specialty care physicians, hospitals, and ancillary providers. Centene
Corporation was founded in 1984 and is headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri.
