Costco Wholesale Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the
operation of membership warehouses in the United States, Puerto Rico, Canada,
the United Kingdom, Mexico, Japan, Korea, Australia, Spain, France, Iceland,
China, and Taiwan. It offers branded and private-label products in a range of
merchandise categories. The company offers sundries, dry groceries, candies,
coolers, freezers, liquor, and tobacco and deli products; appliances,
electronics, health and beauty aids, hardware, garden and patio products,
sporting goods, tires, toys and seasonal products, office supplies, automotive
care products, postages, tickets, apparel, small appliances, furniture,
domestics, housewares, special order kiosks, and jewelry; and meat, produce,
service deli, and bakery products. It also operates pharmacies, optical, food
courts, hearing aids, and tire installation centers, as well as 668 gas
stations; and offers online business delivery, travel, same-day grocery, and
various other services. As of August 28, 2022, the company operated 838
membership warehouses, including 578 in the United States and Puerto Rico, 107
in Canada, 40 in Mexico, 31 in Japan, 29 in the United Kingdom, 17 in Korea, 14
in Taiwan, 13 in Australia, 4 in Spain, 1 in Iceland, 2 in France, and 2 in
China. It also operates e-commerce websites in the United States, Canada, the
United Kingdom, Mexico, Korea, Taiwan, Japan, and Australia. The company was
formerly known as Costco Companies, Inc. and changed its name to Costco
Wholesale Corporation in August 1999. Costco Wholesale Corporation was founded
in 1976 and is based in Issaquah, Washington.
