DuPont de Nemours, Inc. provides technology-based materials and solutions in
the United States, Canada, the Asia Pacific, Latin America, Europe, the Middle
East, and Africa. It operates through three segments: Electronics & Industrial,
Mobility & Materials, and Water & Protection. The Electronics & Industrial
segment supplies materials and printing systems to the advanced printing
industry; and materials and solutions for the fabrication of semiconductors and
integrated circuits addressing front-end and back-end of the manufacturing
process. This segment also provides semiconductor and advanced packaging
materials; dielectric and metallization solutions for chip packaging; and
silicones for light emitting diode packaging and semiconductor applications;
permanent and process chemistries for the fabrication of printed circuit boards
to include laminates and substrates, electroless, and electrolytic
metallization solutions, as well as patterning solutions, and materials and
metallization processes for metal finishing, decorative, and industrial
applications. In addition, it offers various materials to manufacture rigid and
flexible displays for organic light emitting diode, and other display
applications, as well as provides high performance parts, and specialty
silicone elastomers, and lubricants. The Mobility & Materials segment provides
engineering resins, silicone encapsulants, pastes, filaments, and advanced
films to engineers and designers in the transportation, electronics, renewable
energy, industrial, and consumer end-markets. The Water & Protection segment
provides engineered products and integrated systems for worker safety, water
purification and separation, transportation, energy, medical packaging and
building materials. The company was formerly known as DowDuPont Inc. and
changed its name to DuPont de Nemours, Inc. in June 2019. DuPont de Nemours,
Inc. is headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware.
