DTE Energy Company engages in the utility operations. The company's Electric
segment generates, purchases, distributes, and sells electricity to
approximately 2.3 million residential, commercial, and industrial customers in
southeastern Michigan. It generates electricity through fossil-fuel,
hydroelectric pumped storage, and nuclear plants, as well as wind and other
renewable assets. This segment owns and operates approximately 698 distribution
substations and 449,800 line transformers. The company's Gas segment purchases,
stores, transports, distributes, and sells natural gas to approximately 1.3
million residential, commercial, and industrial customers throughout Michigan;
and sells storage and transportation capacity. This segment has approximately
20,000 miles of distribution mains; 1,304,000 service pipelines; and 1,305,000
active meters, as well as owns approximately 2,000 miles of transmission
pipelines. The company's Power and Industrial Projects segment offers
metallurgical coke; pulverized coal and petroleum coke to the steel, pulp and
paper, and other industries; and power, steam and chilled water production, and
wastewater treatment services, as well as supplies compressed air to industrial
customers. Its Energy Trading segment engages in power, natural gas, and
environmental marketing and trading; structured transactions; and the
optimization of contracted natural gas pipeline transportation and storage
positions. The company was founded in 1903 and is headquartered in Detroit,
Michigan.
