DXC Technology Company, together with its subsidiaries, provides information
technology services and solutions primarily in North America, Europe, Asia, and
Australia. It operates in two segments, Global Business Services (GBS) and
Global Infrastructure Services (GIS). The GBS segment offers a portfolio of
analytics services and extensive partner ecosystem that help its customers to
gain rapid insights, automate operations, and accelerate their digital
transformation journeys; and software engineering, consulting, and data
analytics solutions that enable businesses to run and manage their mission-
critical functions, transform their operations, and develop new ways of doing
business. It also uses various technologies and methods to accelerate the
creation, modernization, delivery, and maintenance of secure applications
allowing customers to innovate faster while reducing risk, time to market, and
total cost of ownership. In addition, this segment offers business process
services, which include integration and optimization of front and back office
processes, and agile process automation. The GIS segment adapts legacy apps to
cloud, migrate the right workloads, and securely manage their multi-cloud
environments; and offers security solutions help predict attacks, proactively
respond to threats, and ensure compliance, as well as to protect data,
applications, and infrastructure. It also provides IT outsourcing services to
help customers securely and cost-effectively run mission-critical systems and
IT infrastructure. In addition, this segment offers workplace services to fit
its customer's employee, business, and IT needs from intelligent collaboration;
and modern device management, digital support services, and mobility services.
DXC Technology Company is headquartered in Ashburn, Virginia.
