Equifax Inc. provides information solutions and human resources business
process automation outsourcing services for businesses, governments, and
consumers. The company operates through three segments: Workforce Solutions,
U.S. Information Solutions (USIS), and International. The Workforce Solutions
segment offers employment, income, criminal history, and social security number
verification services, as well as payroll-based transaction, employment tax
management, and identity theft protection products. The USIS segment provides
consumer and commercial information services, such as credit information and
credit scoring, credit modeling and portfolio analytics, locate, fraud
detection and prevention, identity verification, and other consulting; mortgage
services; financial marketing services; identity management services; credit
monitoring products; and online information, decisioning technology solutions,
as well as portfolio management, mortgage reporting, and consumer credit
information services. The International segment offers information service
products, which include consumer and commercial services, such as credit and
financial information, and credit scoring and modeling; and credit and other
marketing products and services, as well as offers information, technology, and
other services to support debt collections and recovery management. The company
serves customers in financial services, mortgage, employers, consumer,
commercial, telecommunication, retail, automotive, utility, brokerage,
healthcare, and insurance industries, as well as state, federal, and local
governments. It operates in the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand,
India, the United Kingdom, Spain, Portugal, Argentina, Chile, Costa Rica,
Ecuador, El Salvador, Honduras, Mexico, Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay, Brazil, the
Republic of Ireland, Russia, Cambodia, Malaysia, Singapore, and the United Arab
Emirates. The company was founded in 1899 and is headquartered in Atlanta,
Georgia.
