Emerson Electric Co., a technology and engineering company, provides various
solutions for customers in industrial, commercial, and residential markets in
the Americas, Asia, the Middle East, Africa, and Europe. The company operates
through Automation Solutions, and Commercial & Residential Solutions segments.
The Automation Solutions segment offers measurement and analytical
instrumentation, industrial valves and equipment, and process control software
and systems. It serves oil and gas, refining, chemicals, power generation, life
sciences, food and beverage, automotive, pulp and paper, metals and mining, and
municipal water supplies markets. The Commercial & Residential Solutions
segment offers residential and commercial heating and air conditioning
products, such as reciprocating and scroll compressors; system protector and
flow control devices; standard, programmable, and Wi-Fi thermostats; monitoring
equipment and electronic controls for gas and electric heating systems; gas
valves for furnaces and water heaters; ignition systems for furnaces; sensors
and thermistors for home appliances; and temperature sensors and controls. It
also provides reciprocating, scroll, and screw compressors; precision flow
controls; system diagnostics and controls; and environmental control systems.
In addition, this segment offers air conditioning, refrigeration, and lighting
control technologies, as well as facility design and product management, site
commissioning, facility monitoring, and energy modeling services; tools for
professionals and homeowners; and appliance solutions. Emerson Electric Co. was
incorporated in 1890 and is headquartered in Saint Louis, Missouri.
