Fortune Brands Home & Security, Inc. provides home and security products for
residential home repair, remodeling, new construction, and security
applications. It operates in three segments: Plumbing, Outdoors & Security, and
Cabinets. The Plumbing segment manufactures, assembles, and sells faucets,
accessories, kitchen sinks, and waste disposals under the Moen, ROHL, Riobel,
Victoria+Albert, Perrin & Rowe, and Shaws brands in the United States, China,
Canada, Mexico, Southeast Asia, Europe, and South America directly through its
own sales force, as well as through independent manufacturers' representatives
to wholesalers, home centers, mass merchandisers, and industrial distributors.
The Outdoors & Security segment offers fiberglass and steel entry door systems
under the Therma-Tru brand; storm, screen, and security doors under the Larson
brand; composite decking and railing under the Fiberon brand; and urethane
millwork under the Fypon brand. This segment also manufactures, sources, and
distributes locks, safety and security devices, and electronic security
products under the Master Lock and American Lock brands; and fire resistant
safes, security containers, and commercial cabinets under the SentrySafe brand.
It serves home centers, hardware and other retailers, millwork building
products and wholesale distributors, specialty dealers, and remodeling and
renovation markets, as well as locksmiths, industrial and institutional users,
and original equipment manufacturers in the United States, Canada, Europe,
Central America, Japan, and Australia. The Cabinets segment manufactures
custom, semi-custom, and custom cabinetry, as well as vanities for the kitchen,
bath, and other parts of the home directly to kitchen and bath dealers, home
centers, wholesalers, and builders in North America under the AOK, Diamond
Brands, Homecrest, Kitchen Craft, Omega, and EVE brands. The company was
incorporated in 1988 and is headquartered in Deerfield, Illinois.
