Fox Corporation operates as a news, sports, and entertainment company in the
United States (U.S.). The company operates through Cable Network Programming;
Television; and Other, Corporate and Eliminations segments. The Cable Network
Programming segment produces and licenses news, business news, and sports
content for distribution through traditional and virtual multi-channel video
programming distributors (MVPDs) and other digital platforms, primarily in the
U.S. It operates FOX News, a national cable news channel; FOX Business, a
business news national cable channel; FS1 and FS2 multi-sport national
networks; FOX Sports Racing, a video programming service that comprises motor
sports programming; FOX Soccer Plus, a video programming network for live
soccer and rugby competitions; FOX Deportes, a Spanish-language sports
programming service; and Big Ten Network, a national video programming service.
The Television segment acquires, produces, markets, and distributes
programming. It operates The FOX Network, a national television broadcast
network that broadcasts sports programming and entertainment; Tubi, an
advertising-supported video-on-demand service; Fox Alternative Entertainment, a
full-service production studio that develops and produces unscripted and
alternative programming; MyNetworkTV, a programming distribution service; and
Blockchain Creative Labs, which is focuses on the creation, distribution and
monetization of Web3 content. This segment owns and operates 29 broadcast
television stations. The Other, Corporate and Eliminations segment owns the FOX
Studios Lot that provides production and post-production services, including 15
sound stages, two broadcast studios, theaters and screening rooms, editing
rooms, and other television and film production facilities in Los Angeles,
California. The company was incorporated in 2018 and is based in New York, New
York.
