First Republic Bank, together with its subsidiaries, provides private banking,
private business banking, and private wealth management services to clients in
metropolitan areas in the United States. It operates in two segments,
Commercial Banking and Wealth Management. The company accepts deposit products,
such as noninterest-bearing checking, interest-bearing checking, money market
checking accounts, money market savings accounts, and passbook accounts, as
well as certificates of deposit. It also offers a range of lending products
that comprise residential mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit,
multifamily loans, commercial real estate and construction loans, personal and
business loans, single family construction loans, and other loans and lines of
credit to businesses and individuals. The company's loans are secured by single
family residences, multifamily buildings, and commercial real estate
properties. In addition, it provides wealth management services, which include
various investment strategies and products, online investment management, trust
and custody, full service and online brokerage, financial and estate planning,
and access to alternative investments, as well as investing, insurance, and
foreign exchange services. Further, the company offers online and mobile
banking services; refinancing services; and ATM and debit cards. As of December
31, 2021, it offered its services through 82 licensed deposit taking offices
primarily in the San Francisco, Palo Alto, Los Angeles, Santa Barbara, Newport
Beach and San Diego, California; Portland, Oregon; Boston, Massachusetts; Palm
Beach, Florida; Greenwich, Connecticut; New York, New York; and Jackson,
Wyoming. It also has 12 additional offices that offer lending, wealth
management, or trust services. First Republic Bank was founded in 1985 and is
headquartered in San Francisco, California.
