Fortinet, Inc. provides broad, integrated, and automated cybersecurity
solutions in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia
Pacific. It offers FortiGate hardware and software licenses that provide
various security and networking functions, including firewall, intrusion
prevention, anti-malware, virtual private network, application control, web
filtering, anti-spam, and wide area network acceleration. The company also
provides FortiSwitch product family that offers secure switching solutions for
connecting customers their end devices; FortiAP product family, which provides
secure wireless networking solutions; FortiExtender, a hardware appliance;
FortiAnalyzer product family, which offers centralized network logging,
analyzing, and reporting solutions; and FortiManager product family that
provides central and scalable management solution for its FortiGate products.
It offers FortiWeb product family provides web application firewall solutions;
FortiMail product family that secure email gateway solutions; FortiSandbox
technology that delivers proactive detection and mitigation services;
FortiClient that provides endpoint protection with pattern-based anti-malware,
behavior-based exploit protection, web-filtering, and an application firewall;
FortiToken and FortiAuthenticator product families for multi-factor
authentication to safeguard systems, assets, and data; and FortiEDR/XDR, an
endpoint protection solution that provides both comprehensive machine-learning
anti-malware execution and real-time post-infection protection. It provides
security subscription, technical support, professional, and training services.
It sells its security solutions to channel partners and directly to various
customers in telecommunications, technology, government, financial services,
education, retail, manufacturing, and healthcare industries. It has strategic
alliance with Linksys. Fortinet, Inc. was incorporated in 2000 and is
headquartered in Sunnyvale, California.
