Gen Digital Inc. provides cyber safety solutions for consumers in the United
States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia
Pacific, and Japan. It offers Norton 360, an integrated platform provides
extensive cyber safety coverage and a subscription service providing protection
for PCs, Macs, and mobile devices against malware, viruses, adware, ransomware,
and other online threats on various platforms; and Norton and LifeLock identity
theft protection solution that offers monitoring, alerts, and restoration
services to its customers. The company also provides Norton Secure VPN
solution, which enhances security and online privacy by providing an encrypted
data tunnel; Privacy Monitor Assistant, an on-demand, white glove service where
agents help members delete personal information from data brokers online; Home
Title Protect product that detects fraud and notifies members; and Avira
Security, a consumer-focused portfolio of cybersecurity and privacy solutions.
It offers Dark Web Monitoring product, which looks for personal information of
its Norton 360 members on the Dark Web; and Social Media Monitoring solution
that helps to keep customers' social media accounts safer by monitoring them
for account takeovers, risky activity, and inappropriate content. The company
also provides AntiTrack product, which helps to keep personal information and
browsing activity private by blocking trackers and disguising digital
fingerprints online; and Online Reputation Management solution that manages
online search results, personal branding, and digital privacy. It markets and
sells its products and related services through retailers, telecom service
providers, hardware original equipment manufacturers, and employee benefit
providers, as well as e-commerce platform. The company was formerly known as
NortonLifeLock Inc. and changed its name to Gen Digital Inc. in November 2022.
Gen Digital Inc. was founded in 1982 and is based in Tempe, Arizona.
