General Motors Company designs, builds, and sells trucks, crossovers, cars, and
automobile parts and accessories in North America, the Asia Pacific, the Middle
East, Africa, South America, the United States, and China. The company operates
through GM North America, GM International, Cruise, and GM Financial segments.
It markets its vehicles primarily under the Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet, GMC,
Holden, Baojun, and Wuling brand names. The company also sells trucks,
crossovers, cars, and purpose-built vehicles to dealers for consumer retail
sales, as well as to fleet customers, including daily rental car companies,
commercial fleet customers, leasing companies, and governments. In addition, it
offers safety and security services for retail and fleet customers, including
automatic crash response, emergency services, roadside assistance, crisis
assist, stolen vehicle assistance, and turn-by-turn navigation; and connected
services comprising mobile applications for owners to remotely control their
vehicles and electric vehicle owners to locate charging stations, on-demand
vehicle diagnostics, smart driver, marketplace in-vehicle commerce, in-vehicle
voice, voice assistant, navigation and app ecosystem, connected navigation,
SiriusXM with 360L, and 4G LTE wireless connectivity, as well as develops and
commercializes autonomous vehicle technology. Further, the company provides
automotive financing and insurance services; and software-enabled services and
subscriptions. General Motors Company was founded in 1908 and is headquartered
in Detroit, Michigan.
