The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. provides insurance and financial
services to individual and business customers in the United States, the United
Kingdom, and internationally. Its Commercial Lines segment offers workers'
compensation, property, automobile, liability, umbrella, bond, marine,
livestock, and reinsurance; and customized insurance products and risk
management services, including professional liability, bond, surety, and
specialty casualty coverages through regional offices, branches, sales and
policyholder service centers, independent retail agents and brokers, wholesale
agents, and reinsurance brokers. The company's Personal Lines segment provides
automobile, homeowners, and personal umbrella coverages through direct-to-
consumer channel and independent agents. Its Property & Casualty Other
Operations segment offers coverage for asbestos and environmental exposures.
The company's Group Benefits segment provides group life, disability, and other
group coverages to members of employer groups, associations, and affinity
groups through direct insurance policies; reinsurance to other insurance
companies; employer paid and voluntary product coverages; disability
underwriting, administration, and claims processing to self-funded employer
plans; and a single-company leave management solution. This segment distributes
its group insurance products and services through brokers, consultants, third-
party administrators, trade associations, and private exchanges. Its Hartford
Funds segment offers investment products for retail and retirement accounts;
exchange-traded products through broker-dealer organizations, independent
financial advisers, defined contribution plans, financial consultants, bank
trust groups, and registered investment advisers; and investment management and
administrative services, such as product design, implementation, and oversight.
The company was founded in 1810 and is headquartered in Hartford, Connecticut.
