Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company provides solutions that allow customers to
capture, analyze, and act upon data seamlessly in the Americas, Europe, the
Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, and Japan. The company offers general
purpose servers for multi-workload computing and workload-optimized servers;
HPE ProLiant rack and tower servers; HPE BladeSystem and HPE Synergy; and
solutions for secondary workloads and traditional tape, storage networking, and
disk products, such as HPE Modular Storage Arrays and HPE XP. It also offers
HPE Apollo and Cray products; and HPE Superdome Flex, HPE Nonstop, HPE
Integrity, and HPE Edgeline products. In addition, the company provides HPE
Aruba product portfolio that includes wired and wireless local area network
hardware products, such as Wi-Fi access points, switches, routers, and sensors;
HPE Aruba software and services comprising cloud-based management, network
management, network access control, analytics and assurance, and location; and
professional and support services, as well as as-a-service and consumption
models for the intelligent edge portfolio of products. Further, it offers
various leasing, financing, IT consumption, and utility programs and asset
management services for customers to facilitate technology deployment models
and the acquisition of complete IT solutions, including hardware, software, and
services from Hewlett Packard Enterprise and others. Additionally, the company
invests in communications and media solutions. It has a partnership with
Striim, Inc. to offer high performance and mission-critical solutions with
real-time analytics. It serves commercial and large enterprise groups, such as
business and public sector enterprises; and through various partners comprising
resellers, distribution partners, original equipment manufacturers, independent
software vendors, systems integrators, and advisory firms. Hewlett Packard
Enterprise Company was founded in 1939 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.
