Incyte Corporation, a biopharmaceutical company, focuses on the discovery,
development, and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics in the United
States and internationally. The company offers JAKAFI, a drug for the treatment
of myelofibrosis and polycythemia vera; PEMAZYRE, a fibroblast growth factor
receptor kinase inhibitor that act as oncogenic drivers in various liquid and
solid tumor types; and ICLUSIG, a kinase inhibitor to treat chronic myeloid
leukemia and philadelphia-chromosome positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia. Its
clinical stage products include ruxolitinib, a steroid-refractory chronic
graft-versus-host-diseases (GVHD); itacitinib, which is in Phase II/III
clinical trial to treat naive chronic GVHD; and pemigatinib for treating
bladder cancer, cholangiocarcinoma, myeloproliferative syndrome, and tumor
agnostic. In addition, the company engages in developing Parsaclisib, which is
in Phase II clinical trial for follicular lymphoma, marginal zone lymphoma, and
mantel cell lymphoma. Additionally, it develops Retifanlimab that is in Phase
II clinical trials for MSI-high endometrial cancer, merkel cell carcinoma, and
anal cancer, as well as in Phase II clinical trials for patients with non-small
cell lung cancer. It has collaboration agreements with Novartis International
Pharmaceutical Ltd.; Eli Lilly and Company; Agenus Inc.; Calithera Biosciences,
Inc; MacroGenics, Inc.; Merus N.V.; Syros Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Innovent
Biologics, Inc.; Zai Lab Limited; Cellenkos, Inc.; and Nimble Therapeutics, as
well as clinical collaborations with MorphoSys AG and Xencor, Inc. to
investigate the combination of tafasitamab, plamotamab, and lenalidomide in
patients with relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, and
relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma. The company was incorporated in
1991 and is headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware.
