Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. provides technology solutions and payment
processing services primarily for financial services organizations in the
United States. It operates through four segments: Core, Payments,
Complementary, and Corporate and Other. The company offers information and
transaction processing solutions for banks ranging from community to multi-
billion-dollar asset institutions under the Jack Henry Banking brand; core data
processing solutions for various credit unions under the Symitar brand; and
specialized financial performance, imaging and payments processing, information
security and risk management, retail delivery, and online and mobile solutions
to financial institutions and corporate entities under the ProfitStars brand.
It also provides a suite of integrated applications required to process
deposit, loan, and general ledger transactions, as well as to maintain
centralized customer/member information; and complementary products and
services that enable core bank and credit union clients to respond to evolving
customer/member demands. The company's Jack Henry Banking business brand offers
SilverLake, a robust primarily designed for commercial-focused banks; CIF
20/20, a parameter-driven, easy-to-use system for banks; and Core Director, a
cost-efficient system with point-and-click operation. Its Symitar business
brand provides Episys, a robust designed for credit unions. In addition, the
company offers digital products and services and electronic payment solutions;
purchases and resells hardware systems, including servers, workstations,
scanners, and other devices; and provides implementation, training, and support
services. Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. was founded in 1976 and is
headquartered in Monett, Missouri.
