Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. operates as a beverage company in the United States and
internationally. It operates through Coffee Systems, Packaged Beverages,
Beverage Concentrates, and Latin America Beverages segments. The Coffee Systems
segment manufactures and distributes various finished goods related to its
coffee systems, K-Cup pods, and brewers, as well as specialty coffee. This
segment sells its brewers through third-party distributors and retail partners,
as well as through its website at keurig.com. The Packaged Beverages segment
engages in the manufacture and distribution of packaged beverages of its
brands; contract manufacturing of various private label and emerging brand
beverages; and distribution of packaged beverages for its partner brands. The
Beverage Concentrates segment manufactures and sells beverage concentrates
primarily under the Dr Pepper, Canada Dry, A&W, 7UP, Sunkist, Squirt, Big Red,
RC Cola, Vernors, Snapple, Mott's, Bai, Hawaiian Punch, Clamato, Yoo-Hoo, Core,
ReaLemon, evian, Vita Coco, and Mr and Mrs T mixers brands. This segment also
manufactures beverage concentrates into syrup. The Latin America Beverages
segment manufactures and distributes carbonated mineral water, flavored
carbonated soft drinks, bottled water, and vegetable juice products under the
Penafiel, Clamato, Squirt, Dr Pepper, Crush, and Aguafiel brands. The company
serves retailers, bottlers and distributors, restaurants, hotel chains, office
coffee distributors, and end-use consumers. Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. was founded
in 1981 and is headquartered in Burlington, Massachusetts.
