Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings operates as a global life sciences
company that provides vital information to help doctors, hospitals,
pharmaceutical companies, researchers, and patients make clear and confident
decisions. It operates in two segments, Labcorp Diagnostics (Dx) and Labcorp
Drug Development (DD). It offers various tests, such as blood chemistry
analyses, urinalyses, blood cell counts, thyroid tests, PAP tests, hemoglobin
A1C and vitamin D, prostate-specific antigens, tests for sexually transmitted
diseases, hepatitis C tests, microbiology cultures and procedures, and alcohol
and other substance-abuse tests. The company also provides specialty testing
services comprising gene-based and esoteric testing; advanced tests target
specific diseases, including anatomic pathology/oncology, cardiovascular
disease, coagulation, diagnostic genetics, endocrinology, infectious disease,
women's health, pharmacogenetics, and parentage and donor testing; and
occupational testing services, medical drug monitoring services, chronic
disease programs, and kidney stone prevention tests. It provides online and
mobile applications to enable patients to check test results; and online
applications for managed care organizations and accountable care organizations.
It offers end-to-end drug development, medical device, and companion diagnostic
development solutions from early-stage research to clinical development and
commercial market access. It serves managed care organizations, pharmaceutical,
biotechnology, medical device and diagnostics companies, governmental agencies,
physicians and other healthcare providers, hospitals and health systems,
employers, patients and consumers, contract research organizations, and
independent clinical laboratories. Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings
has a collaboration agreement with Tigerlily Foundation to increase clinical
trial diversity for women of color. The company was incorporated in 1994 and is
headquartered in Burlington, North Carolina.
