Lincoln National Corporation, through its subsidiaries, operates multiple
insurance and retirement businesses in the United States. It operates through
four segments: Annuities, Retirement Plan Services, Life Insurance, and Group
Protection. The Annuities segment offers fixed, variable, and indexed variable
annuities. The Retirement Plan Services segment provides employers with
retirement plan products and services primarily in the defined contribution
retirement plan marketplace. This segment offers individual and group variable
annuities, group fixed annuities, and mutual fund-based programs; and a range
of plan services, including plan recordkeeping, compliance testing, participant
education, and trust and custodial services. The Life Insurance segment
provides life insurance products, including term insurance, such as single and
survivorship versions of universal life insurance; variable universal life
insurance; indexed universal life insurance products; and critical illness and
long-term care riders. The Group Protection segment offers group non-medical
insurance products comprising short and long-term disability, statutory
disability and paid family medical leave administration and absence management
services, term life, dental, vision and accident, and critical illness benefits
and services to the employer marketplace through various forms of employee-paid
and employer-paid plans. The company distributes its products through
consultants, brokers, planners, agents, financial advisors, third-party
administrators, and other intermediaries. Lincoln National Corporation was
founded in 1905 and is based in Radnor, Pennsylvania.
