Moody's Corporation operates as an integrated risk assessment firm worldwide.
It operates in two segments, Moody's Investors Service and Moody's Analytics.
The Moody's Investors Service segment publishes credit ratings and provides
assessment services on various debt obligations, programs and facilities, and
entities that issue such obligations, such as various corporate, financial
institution, and governmental obligations, as well as and structured finance
securities. This segment provides ratings in approximately 140 countries. Its
ratings are disseminated through press releases to the public through
electronic media, including the internet and real-time information systems used
by securities traders and investors. This segment has rated approximately 5,000
non-financial corporates; 3,600 financial institutions; 16,000 public finance
issuers; 145 sovereigns; 47 supranational institutions; 459 sub-sovereigns; and
1,000 infrastructure and project finance issuers, as well as 9,100 structured
finance deals. The Moody's Analytics segment develops a range of products and
services that support the risk management activities of institutional
participants in financial markets; and offers subscription based research,
data, and analytical products comprising credit ratings, credit research,
quantitative credit scores and other analytical tools, economic research and
forecasts, business intelligence and company information products, commercial
real estate data and analytical tools, and on-line and classroom-based training
services, as well as credentialing and certification services. It also offers
offshore analytical and research services with learning solutions and
certification programs; and software solutions, as well as related risk
management services. The company was formerly known as Dun and Bradstreet
Company and changed its name to Moody's Corporation in September 2000. Moody's
Corporation was founded in 1900 and is headquartered in New York, New York.
