Mohawk Industries, Inc. designs, manufactures, sources, distributes, and
markets flooring products for remodeling and new constructions of residential
and commercial spaces in the United States, Europe, Russia, and
internationally. It operates through three segments: Global Ceramic, Flooring
North America (Flooring NA), and Flooring Rest of the World (Flooring ROW). The
Global Ceramic segment provides a range of ceramic tile, porcelain tile, and
natural stone products; and sources, markets, and distributes other tile
related products. This segment markets and distributes its products under the
American Olean, Daltile, Eliane, EmilGroup, KAI, Kerama Marazzi, Marazzi, and
Ragno brands. The Flooring NA segment offers floor covering product lines in a
range of colors, textures, and patterns, including carpets, carpet tiles, rugs
and mats, carpet pads, hardwood, laminate, medium-density fiberboards, luxury
vinyl tiles (LVT), and sheet vinyl products. This segment markets and
distributes its flooring products under the Aladdin Commercial, Durkan, IVC,
Karastan, Mohawk, Mohawk Group, Mohawk Home, Pergo, Portico, and Quick-Step
brands. The Flooring ROW segment provides wood flooring and vinyl flooring, as
well as laminates, roofing elements, sheet vinyl, LVT, insulation boards,
medium-density fiberboards, chipboards, and other woods products under the
Feltex, Godfrey Hirst, Hycraft, IVC Commercial, IVC Home, Leoline, Moduleo,
Pergo, Quick-Step, and Unilin and Xtratherm brands; and licenses its
intellectual property to flooring manufacturers. Mohawk Industries, Inc. was
incorporated in 1988 and is headquartered in Calhoun, Georgia.
