M&T Bank Corporation operates as a bank holding company that provides
commercial and retail banking services. The company's Business Banking segment
offers deposit, lending, cash management, and other financial services to small
businesses and professionals. Its Commercial Banking segment provides deposit
products, commercial lending and leasing, letters of credit, and cash
management services for middle-market and large commercial customers. The
company's Commercial Real Estate segment originates, sells, and services
commercial real estate loans; and offers deposit services. Its Discretionary
Portfolio segment provides deposits; securities, residential real estate loans,
and other assets; and short and long term borrowed funds, as well as foreign
exchange services. The company's Residential Mortgage Banking segment offers
residential real estate loans for consumers and sells those loans in the
secondary market; and purchases servicing rights to loans originated by other
entities. Its Retail Banking segment offers demand, savings, and time accounts;
consumer installment loans, automobile and recreational finance loans, home
equity loans and lines of credit, and credit cards; mutual funds and annuities;
and other services. The company also provides trust and wealth management;
fiduciary and custodial; insurance agency; institutional brokerage and
securities; and investment management services. It offers its services through
banking offices, business banking centers, telephone and internet banking, and
automated teller machines. As of December 31, 2021, the company operates 688
domestic banking offices in New York State, Maryland, New Jersey, Pennsylvania,
Delaware, Connecticut, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia;
and a full-service commercial banking office in Ontario, Canada. M&T Bank
Corporation was founded in 1856 and is headquartered in Buffalo, New York.
