Mettler-Toledo International Inc. engages in the manufacture and supply of
precision instruments and services worldwide. It operates in five segments:
U.S. Operations, Swiss Operations, Western European Operations, Chinese
Operations, and Other. The company's laboratory instruments include laboratory
balances, liquid pipetting solutions, automated laboratory reactors, titrators,
pH meters, process analytics sensors and analyzer technologies, physical value
analyzers, thermal analysis systems, and other analytical instruments; and
LabX, a laboratory software platform to manage and analyze data generated from
its instruments. Its industrial instruments comprise industrial weighing
instruments and related terminals, automatic dimensional measurement and data
capture solutions, vehicle scale systems, industrial software, metal detection,
x-ray, checkweighing, camera-based imaging equipment, track-and-trace
solutions, and product inspection systems. The company's retail weighing
solutions consist of networked scales and software, stand-alone scales, and
automated packaging and labeling solutions for handling fresh goods. It serves
the life science industry, independent research organizations, and testing
labs; food and beverage manufacturers; food retailers; chemical, specialty
chemical, and cosmetics companies; food retailers; transportation and
logistics, metals, and electronics industries; and the academic community
through its direct sales force and indirect distribution channels. The company
was incorporated in 1991 and is based in Columbus, Ohio.
