NetApp, Inc. provides cloud-led and data-centric services to manage and share
data on-premises, and private and public clouds worldwide. It operates in two
segments, Hybrid Cloud and Public Could. The company offers intelligent data
management software, such as NetApp ONTAP, NetApp Snapshot, NetApp SnapCenter
Backup Management, NetApp SnapMirror Data Replication, NetApp SnapLock Data
Compliance, NetApp ElementOS software, and NetApp SANtricity software; and
storage infrastructure solutions, including NetApp All-Flash FAS series, NetApp
Fabric Attached Storage, NetApp FlexPod, NetApp E/EF series, NetApp
StorageGRID, and NetApp SolidFire. It also provides cloud storage and data
services comprising NetApp Cloud Volumes ONTAP, Azure NetApp Files, Amazon FSx
for NetApp ONTAP, NetApp Cloud Volumes Service for Google Cloud, NetApp Cloud
Sync, NetApp Cloud Tiering, NetApp Cloud Backup, NetApp Cloud Data Sense, and
NetApp Cloud Volumes Edge Cache; and cloud operations services, such as NetApp
Cloud Insights, Spot Ocean Kubernetes Suite, Spot Security, Spot Eco, and Spot
CloudCheckr. In addition, the company offers application-aware data management
service under the NetApp Astra name; and professional and support services,
such as strategic consulting, professional, managed, and support services.
Further, it provides assessment, design, implementation, and migration
services. The company serves the energy, financial service, government,
technology, internet, life science, healthcare service, manufacturing, media,
entertainment, animation, video postproduction, and telecommunication markets
through a direct sales force and an ecosystem of partners. NetApp, Inc. was
incorporated in 1992 and is headquartered in San Jose, California.
