Organon & Co., a health care company, develops and delivers health solutions
through a portfolio of prescription therapies in the United States and
internationally. Its women's health portfolio comprises contraception and
fertility brands, such as Nexplanon/Implanon, a long-acting reversible
contraceptive. The company's biosimilars portfolio consists of three immunology
products, such as Brenzys, Renflexis, and Hadlima, as well as two oncology
products, including Ontruzant and Aybintio. It also offers cardiovascular
products, consisting of several cholesterol-modifying medicines under the
Zetia, Ezetrol, Vytorin, Inegy, Rosuzet, and Zocor brands; Cozaar and Hyzaar
for the treatment of hypertension; respiratory products for various treatments
to control and prevent symptoms caused by asthma under the Singulair, Dulera,
Zenhale, and Asmanex brand names; and Singulair, Nasonex, Clarinex, and Aerius
for treating seasonal allergic rhinitis. In addition, the company provides
dermatology products under the Diprosone and Elocon brand; bone health
portfolio, including Fosamax brand name; non-opioid pain management products
under the Arcoxia, Diprospan, and Celestone brand names; Proscar for the
treatment of symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia; and Propecia for the
treatment of male pattern hair loss. The company sells its products primarily
to drug wholesalers and retailers, hospitals, and government agencies, as well
as managed health care providers, such as health maintenance organizations,
pharmacy benefit managers, and other institutions. Organon & Co. was
incorporated in 2020 and is based in Jersey City, New Jersey.
