ONEOK, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in gathering, processing,
storage, and transportation of natural gas in the United States. It operates
through Natural Gas Gathering and Processing, Natural Gas Liquids, and Natural
Gas Pipelines segments. The company owns natural gas gathering pipelines and
processing plants in the Mid-Continent and Rocky Mountain regions. It also
gathers, treats, fractionates, and transports natural gas liquids (NGL), as
well as stores, markets, and distributes NGL products. The company owns NGL
gathering and distribution pipelines in Oklahoma, Kansas, Texas, New Mexico,
Montana, North Dakota, Wyoming, and Colorado; terminal and storage facilities
in Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska, Iowa, and Illinois; and NGL distribution and
refined petroleum products pipelines in Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska, Iowa,
Illinois, and Indiana, as well as owns and operates truck- and rail-loading,
and -unloading facilities connected to NGL fractionation, storage, and pipeline
assets. In addition, it operates regulated interstate and intrastate natural
gas transmission pipelines and natural gas storage facilities. Further, the
company owns and operates a parking garage in downtown Tulsa, Oklahoma; and
leases excess office space. It operates 17,500 miles of natural gas gathering
pipelines; 1,500 miles of FERC-regulated interstate natural gas pipelines;
5,100 miles of state-regulated intrastate transmission pipeline; six NGL
storage facilities; and eight NGL product terminals. It serves integrated and
independent exploration and production companies; NGL and natural gas gathering
and processing companies; crude oil and natural gas production companies;
propane distributors; municipalities; ethanol producers; and petrochemical,
refining, and NGL marketing companies, as well as natural gas distribution and
electric generation companies, producers, processors, and marketing companies.
The company was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
