Parker-Hannifin Corporation manufactures and sells motion and control
technologies and systems for various mobile, industrial, and aerospace markets
worldwide. The company operates through two segments, Diversified Industrial
and Aerospace Systems. The Diversified Industrial segment offers sealing,
shielding, thermal products and systems, adhesives, coatings, and noise
vibration and harshness solutions; filters, systems, and diagnostics solutions
to monitor and remove contaminants from fuel, air, oil, water, and other
liquids and gases; connectors, which control, transmit, and contain fluid;
control solutions for extreme corrosion resistance, temperatures, pressures,
and precise flow; and hydraulic, pneumatic, and electromechanical components
and systems for builders and users of mobile and industrial machinery and
equipment. This segment sells its products to original equipment manufacturers
(OEMs) and distributors who serve the replacement markets in manufacturing,
packaging, processing, transportation, construction, refrigeration and air
conditioning, agricultural, and military machinery and equipment industries.
The Aerospace Systems segment offers products for use in commercial and
military airframe and engine programs, such as control actuation systems and
components, engine build-up ducting, engine exhaust nozzles and assemblies,
engine systems and components, fluid conveyance systems and components, fuel
systems and components, fuel tank inerting systems, hydraulic systems and
components, lubrication components, pilot controls, pneumatic control
components, thermal management products, and wheels and brakes, as well as
fluid metering, delivery, and atomization devices. This segment markets its
products directly to OEMs and end users. The company markets its products
through direct-sales employees, independent distributors, and sales
representatives. The company was founded in 1917 and is headquartered in
Cleveland, Ohio.
