Pentair plc provides various water solutions worldwide. It operates through
Consumer Solutions; and Industrial & Flow Technologies segments. The Consumer
Solutions segment designs, manufactures, and sells residential and commercial
pool equipment and accessories, including pumps, filters, heaters, lights,
automatic controls, automatic cleaners, maintenance equipment, and pool
accessories for residential and commercial pool maintenance, repair,
renovation, service, and construction applications; and water treatment
products and systems comprising pressure tanks, control valves, activated
carbon products, conventional filtration products, and point-of-entry and
point-of-use systems for the use in residential whole home water filtration,
drinking water filtration, and water softening solutions, as well as in
commercial total water management and filtration in foodservice operations. It
offers its products under the Everpure, Ken's Beverage, Kreepy Krauly, Pentair
Water Solutions, Pleatco, RainSoft, and Sta-Rite brands. The Industrial & Flow
Technologies segment manufactures and sells fluid treatment products, such as
advanced membrane filtration products, separation systems, and membrane
bioreactors; water supply and disposal, solid handling, fluid transfer, and
turbine pumps; and valves, spray nozzles, process filtration systems, and gas
recovery solutions for food and beverage, fluid separation technologies, water
and wastewater treatment, water wells, pressure boosting, fire suppression,
flood control, agricultural irrigation, crop spray, fluid circulation and
transfer, fluid delivery, ion exchange, desalination, residential and municipal
wells, and wastewater solids handling applications. It offers its products
under the Pentair, Aurora, Berkeley, Codeline, Fairbanks-Nijhuis, Haffmans,
Hydromatic, Hypro, Jung Pumpen, Myers, Sta-Rite, Shurflo, Sudmo, and X-Flow
brands. Pentair plc was founded in 1966 and is headquartered in London, the
United Kingdom.
