Progress Software Corporation develops, deploys, and manages business
applications. The company offers OpenEdge, a development software, which builds
multi-language applications for secure deployment across various platforms and
devices, as well as cloud; developer tools that consists of components for user
interface development for Web, mobile, desktop, chat, and AR/VR apps, as well
as automated application testing and reporting tools; Sitefinity, a web content
management and customer analytics platform; Corticon, a business rules
management system that provides applications with decision automation and
change process, and decision-related insight capabilities. It also offers
DataDirect Connect, which provides data connectivity using industry-standard
interfaces to connect applications running on various platforms; MOVEit that
offers secure collaboration and automated file transfers of critical business
information; Chef, an infrastructure automation platform to build, deploy,
manage, and secure applications in multi-cloud and hybrid environments, and on-
premises; and WhatsUp Gold, a network monitoring solution. In addition, the
company provides Kemp LoadMaster, a load balancing solutions; and Kemp Flowmon
network performance monitoring and diagnostic solutions that collect and
analyze network telemetry from various sources. Further, it provides project
management, implementation, custom development, programming, and other
services, as well as web-enable applications; and training services. The
company sells its products to end users, independent software vendors, original
equipment manufacturers, and system integrators. It has operations in the
United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the
Asia Pacific. The company was founded in 1981 and is headquartered in
Burlington, Massachusetts.
