Qorvo, Inc. develops and commercializes technologies and products for wireless,
wired, and power markets worldwide. The company operates through two segments,
Mobile Products, and Infrastructure and Defense Products. It offers mobile
devices, such as smartphones, wearables, laptops, tablets and other devices;
radio frequency power management integrated circuits, ultra-wideband (UWB)
system-on-a-chip (SoC) and system-in-package (SiP) solutions, MEMS-based
sensors, antenna tuners, and antennaplexers, as well as discrete multiplexers,
duplexers, filters, and switches; and cellular base stations include switch-low
noise amplifier (LNA) modules, variable gain amplifiers, integrated power
amplifier (PA) Doherty modules, discrete LNAs, and high power GaN amplifiers.
The company's also provides SiC products, such as Schottky diodes and
transistors for automotive, industrial, IT infrastructure and renewable energy
markets; SoC hardware, firmware, and application software for smart home
applications; power management solutions include programmable power management
integrated circuits (ICs) and power application controllers; RF products and
compound semiconductor foundry services to defense primes and other global
defense and aerospace customers; RF connectivity and UWB SoC solutions for
automotive connectivity; and Wi-Fi products, such as PAs, switches, LNAs and
bulk acoustic wave filters, as well as integrated solutions including front end
modules (FEMs) and integrated FEMs. It sells its products directly to original
equipment manufacturers and original design manufacturers, as well as through a
network of sales representative firms and distributors. The company was founded
in 1957 and is headquartered in Greensboro, North Carolina.
