Regions Financial Corporation, a financial holding company, provides banking
and bank-related services to individual and corporate customers. It operates
through three segments: Corporate Bank, Consumer Bank, and Wealth Management.
The Corporate Bank segment offers commercial banking services, such as
commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, and investor real estate
lending; equipment lease financing; deposit products; and securities
underwriting and placement, loan syndication and placement, foreign exchange,
derivatives, merger and acquisition, and other advisory services. It serves
corporate, middle market, and commercial real estate developers and investors.
The Consumer Bank segment provides consumer banking products and services
related to residential first mortgages, home equity lines and loans, consumer
credit cards, and other consumer loans, as well as deposits. The Wealth
Management segment offers credit related products, and retirement and savings
solutions; and trust and investment management, asset management, and estate
planning services to individuals, businesses, governmental institutions, and
non-profit entities. The company also provides investment and insurance
products; low-income housing tax credit corporate fund syndication services;
and other specialty financing services. As of March 01, 2022, it operated
through a network of 1,300 banking offices and 2,000 automated teller machines
across the South, Midwest, and Texas. Regions Financial Corporation was founded
in 1971 and is headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama.
