Robert Half International Inc. provides staffing and risk consulting services
in North America, South America, Europe, Asia, and Australia. The company
operates through three segments: Temporary and Consultant Staffing, Permanent
Placement Staffing, and Risk Consulting and Internal Audit Services. It places
temporary services for accounting, finance, and bookkeeping; temporary and
full-time office and administrative personnel consisting of executive and
administrative assistants, receptionists, and customer service representatives;
full-time accounting, financial, tax, and accounting operations personnel; and
information technology contract professionals and full-time employees in the
areas of platform systems integration to end-user technical and desktop
support, including specialists in application development, networking and
cloud, systems integration and deployment, database design and administration,
and security and business continuity. The company also offers temporary and
full-time employees in attorney, paralegal, legal administrative, and legal
secretarial positions; and senior-level project professionals in the accounting
and finance fields for financial systems conversions, expansion into new
markets, business process re-engineering, business systems performance
improvement, and post-merger financial consolidation. It is involved in serving
professionals in the areas of creative, design, marketing, advertising, and
public relations; and placing various positions, such as creative directors,
graphics designers, web designers, media buyers, front end developers,
copywriters, digital marketing managers, marketing analytics specialists, brand
managers, and public relations specialists. The company provides internal
audit, technology consulting, risk and compliance consulting, and business
performance services. It serves clients and employment candidates. Robert Half
International Inc. was founded in 1948 and is headquartered in Menlo Park,
California.
