Raytheon Technologies Corporation, an aerospace and defense company, provides
systems and services for the commercial, military, and government customers
worldwide. It operates through four segments: Collins Aerospace Systems, Pratt
& Whitney, Raytheon Intelligence & Space, and Raytheon Missiles & Defense. The
Collins Aerospace Systems segment offers aerospace and defense products, and
aftermarket service solutions for aircraft manufacturers and airlines, as well
as regional, business, and general aviation; and for defense and commercial
space operations. This segment also designs, produces, and supports cabin
interior, communications and aviation systems, oxygen systems, food and
beverage preparation, storage and galley systems, and lavatory and wastewater
management systems; airborne intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance
systems, test and training range systems, crew escape systems, and simulation
and training solutions; information management services; and aftermarket
services that include spare parts, overhaul and repair, engineering and
technical support, training and fleet management solutions, and information
management services. The Pratt & Whitney segment supplies aircraft engines for
commercial, military, business jet, and general aviation customers; and
produces, sells, and services military and commercial auxiliary power units.
The Raytheon Intelligence & Space segment develops and provides integrated
space, communication, and sensor systems for missions, training, and cyber and
software solutions to intelligence, defense, federal, and commercial customers.
The Raytheon Missiles & Defense segment designs, develops, produces, and
sustains integrated air and missile defense systems; defensive and combat
solutions; land- and sea-based radars; command, control, communications, and
intelligence solutions; and naval and undersea sensor solutions for the U.S.
and foreign government customers. The company is headquartered in Waltham,
Massachusetts.
