Schlumberger Limited provides technology for the energy industry worldwide. The
company operates through four divisions: Digital & Integration, Reservoir
Performance, Well Construction, and Production Systems. It offers software,
information management, and IT infrastructure services; consulting services for
reservoir characterization, field development planning, and production
enhancement; petro technical data services and training solutions; reservoir
interpretation and data processing services; asset performance solutions; open
and cased-hole services; exploration and production pressure and flow-rate
measurement services; pressure pumping, well stimulation, and coiled tubing
equipment for downhole mechanical well intervention, reservoir monitoring, and
downhole data acquisition; and integrated production systems. The company also
provides mud logging and engineering support services; drilling equipment and
services for shipyards, drilling contractors, energy companies, and rental tool
companies; land drilling rigs and related services; drilling tools; well
cementing products and services; and well planning and drilling, engineering,
supervision, logistics, procurement, contracting, and drilling rig management
services, as well as supplies engineered drilling fluid systems; and designs,
manufactures, and markets roller cone and fixed cutter drill bits. In addition,
it offers well completion services and equipment; artificial lift production
equipment and optimization services; valves; process systems; and integrated
subsea production systems comprising wellheads, subsea trees, manifolds and
flowline connectors, control systems, connectors, and services, as well as
designs and manufactures onshore and offshore platform wellhead systems and
processing solutions. The company was formerly known as Societe de Prospection
Electrique. Schlumberger Limited was founded in 1926 and is based in Houston,
Texas.
