The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company engages in the manufacture, marketing, and sale
of products for lawn, garden care, and indoor and hydroponic gardening in the
United States and internationally. The company operates through three segments:
U.S. Consumer, Hawthorne, and Other. It provides lawn care products comprising
lawn fertilizers, grass seed products, spreaders, other durable products, and
outdoor cleaners, as well as lawn-related weed, pest, and disease control
products; gardening and landscape products include water-soluble and
continuous-release plant foods, potting mixes and garden soils, mulch and
decorative groundcover products, plant-related pest and disease control
products, organic garden products, and lives goods and seeding solutions. The
company also offers hydroponic products that help users to grow plants,
flowers, and vegetables using little or no soil; lighting systems and
components for use in hydroponic and indoor gardening applications; insect,
rodent, and weed control products for home areas; and non-selective weed killer
products. It sells its products under the Scotts, Turf Builder, EZ Seed,
PatchMaster, Thick'R Lawn, GrubEx, EdgeGuard, Handy Green II, Miracle-Gro,
LiquaFeed, Osmocote, Shake 'N Feed, Hyponex, Earthgro, SuperSoil, Fafard,
Nature Scapes, Ortho, Miracle-Gro Performance Organics, Miracle-Gro Organic
Choice, Whitney Farms, EcoScraps, Mother Earth, Botanicare, Hydroponics,
Vermicrop, Gavita, Agrolux, Can-Filters, Sun System, Gro Pro, Hurricane,
AeroGarden, Titan, Tomcat, Ortho Weed B Gon, Roundup, Groundclear, and
Alchemist brands. The company serves home centers, mass merchandisers,
warehouse clubs, large hardware chains, independent hardware stores, nurseries,
garden centers, e-commerce platforms, and food and drug stores, as well as
indoor gardening and hydroponic distributors, retailers, and growers. The
Scotts Miracle-Gro Company was founded in 1868 and is headquartered in
Marysville, Ohio.