S&P Global Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides credit ratings,
benchmarks, analytics, and workflow solutions in the global capital, commodity,
and automotive markets. It operates in six divisions: S&P Global Ratings, S&P
Dow Jones Indices, S&P Global Commodity Insights, S&P Global Market
Intelligence, S&P Global Mobility, and S&P Global Engineering Solutions. The
S&P Global Ratings division operates as an independent provider of credit
ratings, research, and analytics, offering investors and other market
participants information, ratings, and benchmarks. The S&P Dow Jones Indices
division is an index provider that maintains various valuation and index
benchmarks for investment advisors, wealth managers, and institutional
investors. The S&P Global Commodity Insights division offers data and insights
for global energy and commodity markets and enable its customers to make
decisions. The S&P Global Market Intelligence division delivers data and
technology solutions for customers to provide insights for making decisions. It
offers data and services that bring end-to-end workflow solutions, including
capital formation, data and distribution, ESG and sustainability, leveraged
loans, private markets, sector coverage, supply chain, and issuer solutions, as
well as credit, risk, and regulatory solutions. The S&P Global Mobility
division provides insights derived from unmatched automotive data, enabling its
customers to anticipate change and make decisions. The S&P Global Engineering
Solutions division offers engineering expertise and solutions in industries,
such as aerospace and defense, energy, architecture, construction, and
transportation. Its solutions empower business and technical leaders to
transform workflows and make decisions. S&P Global Inc. was founded in 1860 and
is headquartered in New York, New York.
