Bio-Techne Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, develops, manufactures,
and sells life science reagents, instruments, and services for the research and
clinical diagnostic markets worldwide. The company operates through two
segments, Protein Sciences, and Diagnostics and Genomics. The Protein Sciences
segment develops and manufactures biological reagents used in various aspects
of life science research, diagnostics, and cell and gene therapy, such as
cytokines and growth factors, antibodies, small molecules, tissue culture sera,
and cell selection technologies. This segment also offers proteomic analytical
tools for automated western blot and multiplexed ELISA workflow consists of
manual and automated protein analysis instruments and immunoassays for use in
quantifying proteins in various biological fluids. The Diagnostics and Genomics
segment develops and manufactures diagnostic products, including controls,
calibrators, and diagnostic assays for regulated diagnostics market, exosome-
based molecular diagnostic assays, advanced tissue-based in-situ hybridization
assays for spatial genomic and tissue biopsy analysis, and genetic and oncology
kits for research and clinical applications; and sells products for genetic
carrier screening, oncology diagnostics, molecular controls, and research, as
well as instruments and process control products for hematology, blood
chemistry and gases, and coagulation controls and reagents used in various
diagnostic applications. It offers its products under R&D Systems, Tocris
Biosciences, Novus Biologicals, ProteinSimple, Advanced Cell Diagnostics,
Exosome Diagnostics, and Asuragen brands. The company was formerly known as
Techne Corporation and changed its name to Bio-Techne Corporation in November
2014. Bio-Techne Corporation was founded in 1976 and is headquartered in
Minneapolis, Minnesota.
