Truist Financial Corporation, a holding company, provides banking and trust
services in the Southeastern and Mid-Atlantic United States. The company
operates through three segments: Consumer Banking and Wealth, Corporate and
Commercial Banking, and Insurance Holdings. Its deposit products include
noninterest-bearing checking, interest-bearing checking, savings, and money
market deposit accounts, as well as certificates of deposit and individual
retirement accounts. The company also provides funding; asset management;
automobile lending; bankcard lending; consumer finance; home equity and
mortgage lending; insurance, such as property and casualty, life, health,
employee benefits, workers compensation and professional liability, surety
coverage, title, and other insurance products; investment brokerage;
mobile/online banking; and payment, lease financing, small business lending,
and wealth management/private banking services. In addition, it offers
association, capital market, institutional trust, insurance premium and
commercial finance, international banking, leasing, merchant, commercial
deposit and treasury, government finance, commercial middle market lending,
small business and student lending, floor plan and commercial mortgage lending,
mortgage warehouse lending, private equity investment, real estate lending, and
supply chain financing services. Further, the company provides corporate and
investment banking, retail and wholesale brokerage, securities underwriting,
and investment advisory services. As of December 31, 2021, the company operated
through 2,517 banking offices. The company was formerly known as BB&T
Corporation and changed its name to Truist Financial Corporation in December
2019. Truist Financial Corporation was founded in 1872 and is headquartered in
Charlotte, North Carolina.
