Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. offers life sciences solutions, analytical
instruments, specialty diagnostics, and laboratory products and service
worldwide. The company's Life Sciences Solutions segment offers reagents,
instruments, and consumables for biological and medical research, discovery,
and production of drugs and vaccines, as well as diagnosis of infections and
diseases to pharmaceutical, biotechnology, agricultural, clinical, healthcare,
academic, and government markets. Its Analytical Instruments segment provides
instruments, consumables, software, and services for use in laboratory, on
production line, and in field for pharmaceutical, biotechnology, academic,
government, environmental, and other research and industrial markets, as well
as clinical laboratories. The company's Specialty Diagnostics segment offers
liquid, ready-to-use, and lyophilized immunodiagnostic reagent kits, as well as
calibrators, controls, and calibration verification fluids; ImmunoCAP for
allergy and asthma tests, and EliA for autoimmunity tests; dehydrated and
prepared culture media, collection and transport systems, instrumentation, and
consumables; human leukocyte antigen typing and testing for organ transplant
market; and healthcare products. Its Laboratory Products and Services segment
provides laboratory refrigerators and freezers, ultralow-temperature freezers,
and cryopreservation storage tanks; temperature control, sample preparation and
preservation, centrifugation, and biological safety cabinet products; water
analysis instruments; laboratory plastics products; laboratory chemicals; and
pharma services. The company offers products and services through a direct
sales force, customer-service professionals, electronic commerce, third-party
distributors, and catalogs. It has a strategic alliance with the University of
California, San Francisco. The company was incorporated in 1956 and is based in
Waltham, Massachusetts.
