Tyson Foods, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a food company
worldwide. It operates through four segments: Beef, Pork, Chicken, and Prepared
Foods. The company processes live fed cattle and live market hogs; fabricates
dressed beef and pork carcasses into primal and sub-primal meat cuts, as well
as case ready beef and pork, and fully cooked meats; raises and processes
chickens into fresh, frozen, and value-added chicken products; and supplies
poultry breeding stock; sells specialty products, such as hides and meats. It
also manufactures and markets frozen and refrigerated food products, including
ready-to-eat sandwiches, flame-grilled hamburgers, Philly steaks, pepperoni,
bacon, breakfast sausage, turkey, lunchmeat, hot dogs, flour and corn tortilla
products, appetizers, snacks, prepared meals, ethnic foods, side dishes, meat
dishes, breadsticks, and processed meats under the Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm,
Ball Park, Wright, State Fair, Aidells, and Gallo Salame brands. The company
also offers its products under Tyson and ibp brands. It sells its products
through its sales staff to grocery retailers, grocery wholesalers, meat
distributors, warehouse club stores, military commissaries, industrial food
processing companies, chain restaurants or their distributors, live markets,
international export companies, and domestic distributors who serve restaurants
and food service operations, such as plant and school cafeterias, convenience
stores, hospitals, and other vendors, as well as through independent brokers
and trading companies. The company was founded in 1935 and is headquartered in
Springdale, Arkansas.
