Trane Technologies plc, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the
designing, manufacturing, selling, and servicing of solutions for heating,
ventilation, air conditioning, and transport refrigeration. It offers air
conditioners, exchangers, and handlers; airside and terminal devices; auxiliary
power units; chillers; coils and condensers; gensets; furnaces; heat pumps;
home automation products; humidifiers; hybrid and non-diesel transport
refrigeration, and ice energy storage solutions; indoor air quality assessments
and related products; large and light commercial unitary products; motor
replacements; refrigerant reclamation products; thermostats/controls; transport
heater products; variable refrigerant flow products; and water source heat
pumps. The company also provides building management, control, ductless,
geothermal, package heating and cooling, temporary heating and cooling, and
unitary systems; bus, rail, and multi-pipe heating, ventilation, and air
conditioning systems; and container, cryogenic, diesel-powered, electric-
powered trailer and truck, hybrid-powered trailer, industrial, rail, self-
powered truck, trailer, and vehicle-powered truck refrigeration systems, as
well as aftermarket and OEM parts and supplies. In addition, it offers energy
and facility management, installation and performance contracting, repair and
maintenance, and rental services. It markets and sells its products under the
Trane and Thermo King brands through sales offices, distributors, and dealers
in the United States; and through sales and service companies with a supporting
chain of distributors worldwide. The company was formerly known as Ingersoll-
Rand Plc and changed its name to Trane Technologies plc in March 2020. Trane
Technologies plc was founded in 1885 and is headquartered in Swords, Ireland.
