U.S. Bancorp, a financial services holding company, provides various financial
services to individuals, businesses, institutional organizations, governmental
entities and other financial institutions in the United States. It operates in
Corporate and Commercial Banking, Consumer and Business Banking, Wealth
Management and Investment Services, Payment Services, and Treasury and
Corporate Support segments. The company offers depository services, including
checking accounts, savings accounts, and time certificate contracts; lending
services, such as traditional credit products; and credit card services, lease
financing and import/export trade, asset-backed lending, agricultural finance,
and other products. It also provides ancillary services comprising capital
markets, treasury management, and receivable lock-box collection services to
corporate and governmental entity customers; and a range of asset management
and fiduciary services for individuals, estates, foundations, business
corporations, and charitable organizations. In addition, the company offers
investment and insurance products to its customers principally within its
markets, as well as fund administration services to a range of mutual and other
funds. Further, it provides corporate and purchasing card, and corporate trust
services; and merchant processing services, as well as investment management,
ATM processing, mortgage banking, insurance, and brokerage and leasing
services. As of December 31, 2021, the company provided its products and
services through a network of 2,230 banking offices principally operating in
the Midwest and West regions of the United States, as well as through on-line
services, over mobile devices, and other distribution channels; and operated a
network of 4,059 ATMs. The company was founded in 1863 and is headquartered in
Minneapolis, Minnesota.
