Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, a biotechnology company, engages in
developing and commercializing therapies for treating cystic fibrosis. The
company markets SYMDEKO/SYMKEVI, ORKAMBI, and KALYDECO to treat patients with
cystic fibrosis who have specific mutations in their cystic fibrosis
transmembrane conductance regulator gene; and TRIKAFTA for the treatment of
patients with CF 6 years of age or older who have at least one F508del
mutation. Its pipeline includes VX-864 for the treatment of AAT deficiency,
which is in Phase 2 clinical trial; VX-147 for the treatment of APOL1-mediated
focal segmental glomerulosclerosis, or FSGS, and other serious kidney diseases
which is in Phase 2 clinical trial; VX- 880, treatment for Type 1 Diabetes
which is in Phase 1/2 clinical trial; VX-548, a NaV1.8 inhibitor for treatments
of acute, neuropathic, musculoskeletal pain which is in Phase 2 clinical trial;
and CTX001 for the treatment severe SCD and TDT which is in Phase 3 clinical
trial. The company sells its products primarily to specialty pharmacy and
specialty distributors in the United States, as well as specialty distributors
and retail chains, and hospitals and clinics internationally. It has
collaborations with Affinia Therapeutics, Inc.; Arbor Biotechnologies, Inc.;
CRISPR Therapeutics AG.; Kymera Therapeutics, Inc.; Mammoth Biosciences, Inc.;
Moderna, Inc.; Obsidian Therapeutics, Inc.; and Skyhawk Therapeutics, Inc.; as
well as Ribometrix, Inc.; Genomics plc; Merck KGaA; Darmstadt, Germany, and
X-Chem, Inc. Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated was founded in 1989 and is
headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts.
