Verizon Communications Inc., through its subsidiaries, offers communications,
technology, information, and entertainment products and services to consumers,
businesses, and governmental entities worldwide. Its Consumer segment provides
postpaid and prepaid service plans; internet access on notebook computers and
tablets; wireless equipment, including smartphones and other handsets; and
wireless-enabled internet devices, such as tablets, and other wireless-enabled
connected devices comprising smart watches. It also provides residential fixed
connectivity solutions, such as internet, video, and voice services; and sells
network access to mobile virtual network operators. As of December 31, 2021, it
had approximately 115 million wireless retail connections, 7 million wireline
broadband connections, and 4 million Fios video connections. The company's
Business segment provides network connectivity products, including private
networking, private cloud connectivity, virtual and software defined
networking, and internet access services; and internet protocol-based voice and
video services, unified communications and collaboration tools, and customer
contact center solutions. This segment also offers a suite of management and
data security services; domestic and global voice and data solutions, such as
voice calling, messaging services, conferencing, contact center solutions, and
private line and data access networks; customer premises equipment;
installation, maintenance, and site services; and Internet of Things products
and services. As of December 31, 2021, it had approximately 27 million wireless
retail postpaid connections and 477 thousand wireline broadband connections.
The company was formerly known as Bell Atlantic Corporation and changed its
name to Verizon Communications Inc. in June 2000. Verizon Communications Inc.
was incorporated in 1983 and is headquartered in New York, New York.
