Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation provides technology-based
equipment, systems, and services for the freight rail and passenger transit
industries worldwide. It operates through two segments, Freight and Transit.
The Freight segment manufactures and services components for new and existing
freight cars and locomotives; builds new commuter locomotives; rebuilds freight
locomotives; supplies railway electronics, positive train control equipment,
signal design, and engineering services; and provides related heat exchange and
cooling systems. It serves publicly traded railroads; leasing companies;
manufacturers of original equipment, including locomotives and freight cars;
and utilities. The Transit segment manufactures and services components for new
and existing passenger transit vehicles, such as regional trains, high speed
trains, subway cars, light-rail vehicles, and buses; refurbishes subway cars;
and provides heating, ventilation, and air conditioning equipment, as well as
doors for buses and subways. This segment serves public transit authorities and
municipalities, leasing companies, and manufacturers of subway cars and buses.
It also provides electronically controlled pneumatic braking products; railway
electronics; freight car trucks; draft gears, couplers, and slack adjusters;
air compressors and dryers; heat exchangers and cooling products; and track and
switch products. In addition, the company offers railway braking equipment and
related components; friction products; new switcher locomotives; transit
locomotive and car overhaul services; and freight locomotive overhaul,
modernizations, and refurbishment services. Further, it provides platform
screen doors; pantographs; window assemblies; couplers; accessibility lifts and
ramps for buses and subway cars; and traction motors. The company was founded
in 1869 and is headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
