Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. operates as an integrated healthcare, pharmacy,
and retailer in the United States (U.S.), the United Kingdom, Germany, and
internationally. It operates through three segments: U.S. Retail Pharmacy,
International, and U.S. Healthcare. The U.S. Retail Pharmacy segment sells
prescription drugs and an assortment of retail products, including health,
wellness, beauty, personal care, consumable, and general merchandise products
through its retail drugstores. It also provides health and wellness, and
specialty and home delivery pharmacy services. As of August 31, 2022, this
segment operated 8,886 retail stores under the Walgreens and Duane Reade brands
in the United States; and 3 specialty pharmacies. The International segment
sells prescription drugs; and health and wellness, beauty, personal care, and
other consumer products through its pharmacy-led health and beauty retail
stores and optical practices, as well as through boots.com and an integrated
mobile application. It also engages in pharmaceutical wholesaling and
distribution business in Germany. As of August 31, 2022, this segment operated
3,989 retail stores under the Boots, Benavides, and Ahumada brands in the
United Kingdom, Thailand, the Republic of Ireland, and Chile; and 543 optical
practices, including 160 on a franchise basis. The U.S. Healthcare segment
provides value-based primary care services; post-acute and home care management
services; and clinical healthcare services. It also operates as a specialty
pharmacy integrator and accelerator for hospitals. As of August 31, 2022, this
segment operated 334 VillageMD clinics, including 146 co-located clinics, 124
standalone clinics, and 64 affiliate clinics. Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.
was founded in 1901 and is based in Deerfield, Illinois.
