Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc., a media company, provides content across various
distribution platforms in approximately 50 languages worldwide. It also
produces, develops, and distributes feature films, television, gaming, and
other content in various physical and digital formats through basic networks,
direct-to-consumer or theatrical, TV content, and games licensing. The company
owns and operates various television networks under the Discovery Channel,
HGTV, Food Network, TLC, Animal Planet, Investigation Discovery, Travel
Channel, Science, MotorTrend, Discovery en Espanol, Discovery Familia,
Eurosport, TVN, Discovery Kids, Discovery Family, American Heroes Channel,
Destination America, Discovery Life, Magnolia Network, Cooking Channel, ID, the
Oprah Winfrey Network, Eurosport, DMAX, and Discovery Home & Health brands, as
well as other regional television networks. Its content spans genres, including
survival, natural history, exploration, sports, general entertainment, home,
food, travel, heroes, adventure, crime and investigation, health, and kids. The
company also operates production studios that develop and produce content; and
digital products and Websites. It provides content through various distribution
platforms comprising pay-television, free-to-air and broadcast television,
authenticated GO applications, digital distribution arrangements, content
licensing agreements, and direct-to-consumer subscriptions, as well as various
platforms that include brand-aligned Websites, online streaming, mobile
devices, video on demand, and broadband channels. Warner Bros. Discovery,
Inc.is headquartered in New York, New York.
