WestRock Company, together with its subsidiaries, provides fiber-based paper
and packaging solutions in North America, South America, Europe, Asia, and
Australia. It operates through two segments, Corrugated Packaging and Consumer
Packaging. The Corrugated Packaging segment produces containerboards,
corrugated sheets, corrugated packaging, and preprinted linerboards to consumer
and industrial products manufacturers, and corrugated box manufacturers. It
also provides structural and graphic design, engineering services and custom,
and proprietary and standard automated packaging machines, as well as turn-key
installation, automation, line integration, and packaging solutions;
distributes corrugated packaging materials and other specialty packaging
products, including stretch films, void fills, carton sealing tapes, and other
specialty tapes; operates recycling facilities that collect, sort, grade, and
bale recovered paper; and provides lithographic laminated packaging products,
as well as contract packing services. The Consumer Packaging segment
manufactures and sells folding cartons that are used to package food, paper,
beverages, dairy products, tobacco, confectionery, health and beauty, other
household consumer, and commercial and industrial products; and express mail
packages for the overnight courier industry. It also offers inserts and labels,
as well as rigid packaging and other printed packaging products, such as
transaction cards, brochures, product literature, marketing materials, and
grower tags and plant stakes for the horticultural market; and secondary
packages and paperboard packaging for over-the-counter and prescription drugs.
In addition, this segment manufactures and sells solid fiber and corrugated
partitions, and die-cut paperboard components principally to glass container
manufacturers and the automotive industry, as well as producers of beer, food,
wine, spirits, cosmetics, and pharmaceuticals. WestRock Company is based in
Atlanta, Georgia.
