Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company operates as an advisory, broking,
and solutions company worldwide. It operates through two segments, Health,
Wealth and Career; and Risk and Broking. The company offers actuarial support,
plan design, and administrative services for traditional pension and retirement
savings plans; plan management consulting, broking, and administration services
for health and group benefit programs; and benefits outsourcing services. It
also provides advice, data, software, and products to address clients' total
rewards and talent issues. In addition, the company offers risk advice,
insurance brokerage, and consulting services in the areas of property and
casualty, aerospace, construction, and marine. Further, it offers investment
consulting and discretionary management services to insurance and reinsurance
companies; insurance consulting and technology, risk and capital management,
pricing and predictive modeling, financial and regulatory reporting, financial
and capital modeling, merger and acquisition, outsourcing, and business
management services; wholesale insurance broking services to retail and
wholesale brokers; and underwriting and capital management, capital market, and
advisory and brokerage services. Additionally, the company provides primary
medical and ancillary benefit exchange, and outsourcing services to active
employees and retirees in the group and individual markets, as well as delivers
healthcare and reimbursement accounts, including health savings accounts,
health reimbursement arrangements, flexible spending accounts, and other
consumer-directed accounts. The company was formerly known as Willis Group
Holdings Public Limited Company and changed its name to Willis Towers Watson
Public Limited Company in January 2016. Willis Towers Watson Public Limited
Company was founded in 1828 and is based in London, the United Kingdom.
