Best Buy Co., Inc. retails technology products in the United States and Canada.
The company operates in two segments, Domestic and International. Its stores
provide computing products, such as desktops, notebooks, and peripherals;
mobile phones comprising related mobile network carrier commissions; networking
products; tablets covering e-readers; smartwatches; and consumer electronics
consisting of digital imaging, health and fitness, home theater, portable audio
comprising headphones and portable speakers, and smart home products. The
company's stores also offer appliances, such as dishwashers, laundry, ovens,
refrigerators, blenders, coffee makers, and vacuums; entertainment products
consisting of drones, peripherals, movies, music, and toys, as well as gaming
hardware and software, and virtual reality and other software products; and
other products, such as baby, food and beverage, luggage, outdoor living, and
sporting goods. In addition, it provides consultation, delivery, design,
health-related, installation, memberships, repair, set-up, technical support,
and warranty-related services. The company offers its products through stores
and websites under the Best Buy, Best Buy Ads, Best Buy Business, Best Buy
Health, CST, Current Health, Geek Squad, Lively, Magnolia, Best Buy Mobile,
Pacific Kitchen, Home, and Yardbird, as well as domain names bestbuy.com,
currenthealth.com, lively.com, yardbird.com, and bestbuy.ca. As of January 30,
2022, it had 1,144 stores. The company was formerly known as Sound of Music,
Inc. The company was incorporated in 1966 and is headquartered in Richfield,
Minnesota.
